so here's a little story for you guys
vintage on vintage of course you know I
am a crazy die hard for vintage I mean I
think it started since I grew up in a
small town and one of my favorite places
to shop was always any vintage store you
know st. Vinny's any thrift shop
anything like that it was just my way of
finding something different to
personalize my outfit and that's kind of
what vintage is all about to me it's a
great way to personalize your outfit and
that's why a lot of what we design is
really really inspired by vintage so
this is a really cool outfit that I'm
going to show you a few little twists on
to play around with one thing that I
love about vintage is you can really
shake it up a little bit and give it a
modern edge and I think that's really
really sexy with vintage so for instance
very vintage inspired little Audrey kind
of a dress you know I love everything
about this i love the intense pop of
color i love the cut on it's just so
cool and then you know you throw this
really fabulous vintage faux mink jacket
on which is this marvelous little blazer
that can be worn in a million ways but I
love it over this dress mind you it is
very vintage II but it also gives you a
little bit of that like biker chic kind
of thing it's really cool together then
you add a legging with it which I love
and a heel and it's so cool it gives you
a really fabulous modern twist they'll
get that little bit of vintage thing
going on add a little bracelet it's just
a really fun outfit now I have to show
you how the shoe changes the whole thing
so it just depends on who you want to be
and if you're feeling like you do want
to channel your inner Beatles or you
know what take a walk down Abbey Road
you know put on a little booty like this
and it's really cool even a tiny little
bit of skin showing minute is really
really neat it's funky it's very
confident it's interesting and very you
know playful avant-garde I'll show you
another twist to so now you've ditched
your cool jacket and you still want to
do the vintage thing throw off the boot
put on a little darling ballet flat now
what I love about this ballet flat with
this whole outfit is that it is
and I know a lot of people are afraid to
mix colors that you know everybody has
kind of their color rules I am your
girlfriend and do not I love red with
orange I think it's fantastic we have a
gorgeous blue ballet flat which is more
obvious and would be really cool with
the orange to you know I love that
combination but red and orange is really
neat think India you know really cool
like that and then you've lost your
jacket you've still got your whole
vintage thing going on I love it with a
little stretch pant and you have
yourself an entirely different outfit
now you must see it with the tall boot
too okay so now you've still got your
cool vintage dress / shirt on and then
you've got your skinny pant on again and
a tall brown boot now here's the deal
another rule to absolutely throw out the
window you must get over the brown and
black combination because it's so good
together again perfectly vintage very
interesting picture yourself in a
charming little bar and you walk in with
this outfit in or whatever you're
dropping your kids off at school I don't
care where you're going this is a
fantastic outfit fun to wear the boot is
really cool totally changes look at the
whole outfit and you've turned this
dress into like a gazillion other things
if you wanted to throw a long sleeve tee
enter and you've got yet another outfit
for your wardrobe
hmm